Lin Feng, don’t you think you should be so successful today?
Do you think I want to be honest with them?
I had to tell them.
You are usually quite calm, but I don’t know why you are today.
You will know later.
You always do this
Looks like I have to do something quickly
Okay, okay, okay
Let me tell you the truth
The land we bought was transferred
what do you mean
Haeju's eastern seaside
Northern Lingshan
future development direction
It must be the southwest direction
The southern part of the country has the largest population
It must be a revival drama in the city
This is the next ten years
Not even in the long run of twenty years
So that's it
At that time and as soon as the government plan was released,
It's not a problem anymore lately
All companies will take care of men
So smart, okay, here comes Sister Hong.
Do you want to come back with us?